# 介绍
一些学习示例
* LeetCode算法解决方案





### Java Proxy

A proxy class has the following properties:

* Proxy classes are public, final, and not abstract.
* The unqualified name of a proxy class is unspecified. The space of class names that begin with the string "$Proxy" should be, however, reserved for proxy classes.
* A proxy class extends java.lang.reflect.Proxy.
* A proxy class implements exactly the interfaces specified at its creation, in the same order.
* If a proxy class implements a non-public interface, then it will be defined in the same package as that interface. Otherwise, the package of a proxy class is also unspecified. Note that package sealing will not prevent a proxy class from being successfully defined in a particular package at runtime, and neither will classes already defined by the same class loader and the same package with particular signers.
* Since a proxy class implements all of the interfaces specified at its creation, invoking getInterfaces on its Class object will return an array containing the same list of interfaces (in the order specified at its creation), invoking getMethods on its Class object will return an array of Method objects that include all of the methods in those interfaces, and invoking getMethod will find methods in the proxy interfaces as would be expected.
* The Proxy.isProxyClass method will return true if it is passed a proxy class-- a class returned by Proxy.getProxyClass or the class of an object returned by Proxy.newProxyInstance-- and false otherwise.
* The java.security.ProtectionDomain of a proxy class is the same as that of system classes loaded by the bootstrap class loader, such as java.lang.Object, because the code for a proxy class is generated by trusted system code. This protection domain will typically be granted java.security.AllPermission.
* Each proxy class has one public constructor that takes one argument, an implementation of the interface InvocationHandler, to set the invocation handler for a proxy instance. Rather than having to use the reflection API to access the public constructor, a proxy instance can be also be created by calling the Proxy.newProxyInstance method, which combines the actions of calling Proxy.getProxyClass with invoking the constructor with an invocation handler.